When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?
 - Having a cloud backup
 - Being able to access the repository from different locations with different computers
 - Sharing the repository with other interested users
 - Working collaboratively on the repository
 
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
 If different people are working in the remote repository, I may not want to have all changes or I want them at
 a later time.
 
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
 I use fork to create a copy of another GitHub user's repository in my own GitHub account. I will then be able
 to work with it independent of the original user's version.
 I clone to download repositories and work on my local computer with repositories stored in GitHub.
 I use branches within a repository to maintain different versions of my work.
 
What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  Meaning: Using git fetch instead of pull. If I do that, I can easily inspect and edit all
  files of the remote locally. I can use git diff to find out about merge conflicts.
  
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
 Doing changes in a different branch makes sense when I want to postpone the decision whether the changes
 should go to the master or not. Reasons could be that I want other people to review my changes first, that
 changes to the master require some form of approval or milestone to be reached, I may decide to
 consider the changes as experimental, or alignment of my changes with concurrent changes is required.
 Advantage of changing the master directly is a less complicated version control. If multiple collaborators
 each work on their own branch, the sequence and process of merging everything must be carefully controlled.
 
 